it's still a shame if you have to live
dominated
gold very good when we say at the beginning of the match we know their system too this
it takes to know them by heart
in sports at school the first things to progress during his
investigation
first surprise from the security in Corsica
alain koffi gives the tone of entry what to annoy the coach of roanne
It must be said that his team seems apathetic
clumsy during that first half 19 balls lost in total and
that in front
the msb decided to be tackled reef on the ball carrier
and enter the racket to score against his former teammates
spencer and on a cloud with 17 points on his 24 and then scored before the break
the appameans
she added yes I think we played a very good defense tonight in
team
I'm glad to have participated in this defense provides especially what
allows you to have won the need for action
but the second is done at the level of these
we say or write to qualify higher
I tell myself that if you control their counter-attacked
our classified games
you have to put a lot of pressure because a lot of the intentions but
without violence and role play
the goal was to do better than theirs offers the most more than
promising and a lot
solutions that often come up for a team
on the team that finishes his button 30 phil neville puel so every position
surprise kept everything that's perfect for me
at the return of the locker room prone finds a little in a unit of the address
marc-antoine pellin aligns three shots awarded in this mine as for me no
among all
for whom to return some against the teeth I try to give everything
the draw against the team as the mans one of the four months by armed men
it pays cash
as for the month of march for me
a weak team bleeding to mention the tunes
and that's how quarter-time
the pmsd and therefore proposes again the gap + 18 at the beginning of the last
quarter-time currently underlying problem
80 60 final score two days from the end of the regular season mans
found the 4th place of the prey
next appointment against another competitor live it will be Friday night